Now that we've flipped the animal onto its
back, you can see inside of the cavity,
when we first look into the cavity,
you'll see some offal.
So first that I've noticed
is the heart here.
And this is the heart.
It's lightly connected here,
but it's important to note
that this has been sliced
in two different spots
by the grading inspector.
This happens often
they're inspecting for disease,
and this is one of the spots
that they look.
Next, the liver.
Liver looks like.
So just give me a second to remove.
Lovely.
And here is our liver.
Beautiful.
Inside the cavity next is the kidneys,
so the kidneys are coated in suet.
So this is the fat
that's on the inside of the cavity.
It's referred to as suet.
Sometimes we even use some of
this fat
to coat them and roast them in it.
So this one, you might be able
to get a better look at when I remove
just pulling on that suet.
And out comes the kidney,
so you'll see as well
this has been slit by the inspector too.